As the Buddha came and gone, all these Buddha are not just going to come, this Buddha, Buddha
Akshobhya, according to Buddha, is the living Buddha right now. In the Eastern direction
of our world, in the Eastern direction, there is a universe known as Mopargava of extremely
joyful to your land, that to your land, really living Buddha right now. So today we receive
the empowerment, we receive the blessing, that means we're going to receive the blessings
and as well as encouragement from this gracious living Buddha to activate our Buddha nature,
our own, these beautiful qualities. That is what really it is. So therefore, again, this
Buddha Akshobhya is the living Buddha. Buddha Akshobhya, according to Buddha Shakyamuni's
teaching, there is a big suttara teaching in the Buddha Sakyamuni's teaching, Mahayana
suttara, and that is called display of the Akshobhyas teaching. In that suttara, Buddha
Shakyamuni mentioned that Akshobhya, once upon a time, he was bodhisattvas. He pursued
to the, again, enlightenment, to develop the bodhicata and then he get to serve to all the
living beings with love, with compassion, with kindness, with respect and appreciation, and
pursue that so strongly, so courageously, so fearlessly, and then he become the Buddha.
And Buddha Akshobhya's name is also in the Tibetan, it's called the Mantopa. Mantopa in
Sanskrit is Akshobhya. What means unshakable, undistable, means courage and commitment,
competence of that hope of the bodhicata to all the sentient beings cannot be disturbed,
cannot be undermined by any means. And that's really the meaning of the Buddha Akshobhya.
He carried that name, not just a name, but he had that meaning. He keep that will, willpower
with that attitude, he practiced it, he did all the beneficial activities of the six parabuddhas
and then applied as enlightened beings. So he become one of the great Buddha, particularly
the commitment of Akshobhya is known as the special Buddha for all those eagerly obscured
by the obscuration in the karmas. Again, this karma is there, of course, we all heard so
many times, but karma is according to the Buddha's city is one's own deed, one's own
mistakes of our due to the self-importance. And because of self-importance, we acted with
it, with it, such as very self-important attitude of the mind, which is known as the, such as
attachment, grasping, clinging, anger and yellows and arrogance. All those are started with
self-important or the ego clinging. With that thought, what is happening is when we have that
thought, we don't see clearly exactly what things happen. We completely kind of in a way,
intoxicated by these emotions. And we don't see clearly thinking of that, I'm going to defend.
We have strong fears, fears or scared, we're going to lose something, and therefore we act
that to kind of defend that. Then that defend is become the obstacle. Eventually, it is really
making its obstacle to us. Whatever we activate, we did activity with that, that is known as the
karma. It affected to the others, it affect to our self. And these negative emotions,
when it is activated, it not brings joy, peace, happiness to anyone. Not that person who is in
that state is, is not happy, not peaceful. So essentially, it is a kind of purely, is a kind of
in a way, negativities. And therefore, it is then hurting to everyone, to you or to us,
to others. And that is not just completely there. That imprint stays. In the imprint stays,
according
to the Buddha's teaching, it stays with the subconsciousness, strong house, or our mental state
as printed. As printed. This is not just printed, that is also going to multiply. In a way,
we plant the seeds. Exactly as we plant the seed externally, when the farmer is paid, and it's
all from large fruit berries. Similarly, our karma, we planted the seed in our mental state,
whether it is good or bad, but it goes these times, like under bad or difficult, the cause of the
difficulty troubles, and that bears many fruits. Those are known as heavy karmas. According to the
greatest teacher, Bodhaka Karmini's teaching, all that with beings are going through different
challenges, difficult situation, is no other than really the karmic activities. Karmic are also,
as I said, it is, is one's own deed at the beginning times. And so, how are we going to
clean? How are we going to purify that? No one else is going to clean for us. Also, we have to
clean ourselves. We have to purify ourselves. Because we did ourselves at the best possible
places, we should also clean away that by ourselves. And how are we going to clear that way? Really
,
full of joy, full of bodhijatha, full of kindness, full of hope, sense of peace, and such is the
practice of the Buddha, Aktruvi. Then we can really clear away all those obscurations, and
the difficulties it troubles. And the teaching often says that negative has no good qualities at
all.
But one is really good quality, or good kind of part of the negativity, we can clean away,
we can clear away, remove that, that we can do. Otherwise, it don't have any good qualities.
And by this practice, such as Aktruviya, we can clear away that. Particularly, because
all Buddhas, such as the Buddha, Aktruviya, Buddha, Magyushri, Kyanese, and Vajrasattvas, and Amit
abh,
ike Buddha, Ojyadryana, of course, all Buddhas, enlightened beings. Everyone is really Buddha.
But however, their previous commitment of the bodhijatha, each Buddha has a specialist to help
to the sentient beings. And Aktruviya is one of the very special help to all sentient beings to
clear away, remove the heavy karma in the teaching said. Great. Buddha Shakyamuni repeatedly said,
Aktruviya is one of the really powerful practices to that, to clear away the karma, and as well as
heavy karma. And heavy karma means, those are heavily bad karmas of the negativity that's
saturated, and that really karmas make a lot of troubles. In particular, three low revs,
hell realms, hunger ghosts, and anima realms. And those realms, we practice the meditative
through this Aktruviya, thinking of all those living beings, and then really it will help to
all these beings, the core teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni, and as well as all the great masters.
So this is what this Buddha Aktruviya is. Buddha Aktruviya can also understand similar
as Buddha Vedya Sattva. Oh Buddha, Buddha as Aktruviya, Buddha Vedya Sattva, and all these
Buddhas are very special Buddha and the purification. They are similar, they are like
different emanation, they are different aspect of the to benefit to all the living beings,
to everyone. So therefore, this is known as now, Buddha Aktruviya. And as he said,
Buddha Aktruviya is the living Buddha right in the now, in the beyond of the Mopargava,
in the eastern directions, according to the teaching of the Buddha Shakyamuni. So that is
what the Buddha Aktruviya is, and the Buddha Shakyamuni give highly, when the Buddha Shakyamuni
give this teaching, he praised the Buddha Aktruviya so many times, and again, again. This is the
Buddha,
when you like to have difficulty troubles with emotions such as anger, ignorance, attachment,
jealousness, hatred, thoughts, all the arrogance, if you are having difficulties,
ourself having that difficulty, it's good to practice Aktruviya. If you see someone else having
that difficulty troubles, if we practice in meditation on the Aktruviya, that really will
help that. And this, so therefore, Aktruviya is one of the special Buddhas to really claim
all the negative emotions and result of the negative emotions. So that is the one really
Buddha Aktruviya teaches. And then the Buddha Aktruviya teaching is a very popular practice to
all Advaita Buddhisms. Every Advaita Buddhism practicing, really practicing, this Buddha
Aktruviya is very popular. But this, generally, this teaching is particularly connected to the
numerous schools of Advaita Buddhisms. Generally, Buddhism came to Advaita in the 8th century as
Aktruviyu. In the 8th century and worldwide, great Gopi Masambhava, Maastrichtanda Ratna,
and the characters of Devdity, they all come together, established in the poor, poor body of
the Buddhism in the Tibetans. And this, then, ever since, it really becomes one of the very
beautiful and very rich country of the Buddhisms, really. They've been practicing. They're not just
the only Buddhism established at the academic level, but they've been practicing, meditating
exactly what the Buddha told, Maastrichtanda Ratna told, or the great Master Chanda Ratna told,
they practiced it. And within that time, that era, in the 8th century,
so many Tibetan practitioners really reached enlightenment, highest realization, by practicing
both men and females. And then that inspired so many Tibetans and become so calm and peaceful,
so many poor beings like that. And then teaching was strongly rooted in the Tibet until now.
And the Tibetan become one of the beautiful, really Buddhist countries. Countries, and of course,
there is always difficulty, travelers, and all the emotional problems. But comparing to the many
other, those different histories, looking to the Tibet, I think it's one of the really quite good,
peaceful countries because of the duty of this great teaching of the Buddha Chachamundi. So this,
this. And then, of course, this, also in Maastrichtanda Ratna, there are many, many teachings of
the
actual being practiced in this summary. But this particular teaching is then brought by,
by great Master Nyanggukung Rinpoche. He put together a great title known as, yes,
great title known as "Ketin Sathya Jamsi." Sathya Jamsi, and this is the one who revere that
teaching,
but great Master Nyanggukung Rinpoche, who put together, added this so that he put more,
more kind of blessed again with these teachings of the Tirtung Sathya Jamsi. And that was the,
was how this teaching is came. And this teaching, again, become very popular teaching. And to be
Buddhism, it is a part of the collection of all the Nyingma Therma teachings by, that done by the
great Master Nyanggukung Rinpoche, with the encouragement of the great Master Pasle Chintze.
Pasle Chintze and Pasle Kuntze, they become the, one of the greatest, or some of the greatest
masters in the very Buddhist history, or maybe in the Buddhist history. They really become
so great masters. They are learning, they are realizing of beings, and they are full of, full, full
,
full of the love and the compassion of the Muslims. From there, through every aspect that you look
to
them, they are the perfect beings, the really beautiful beings, such as, of all the teachings
of the Buddha, from the morality, to the concentration, to the wisdom level. And that
was also known as in Buddhism, three extraordinary trainings of the practice,
extraordinary practices of the morality, extraordinary practice of the concentration,
extraordinary practice of the wisdoms. Truly they become the one of the, or some of the great
masters who have kept up that yet so humble, so simple, full of wisdom, full of compassion,
have thought for really just these masters. So these are the timely master came, just before
today, they're going to have the big troubles. They gather all those teachings, put them together,
and a particular term of teaching by this great master, Jungkook Jungkook, as I said, encouragement
and support from the, all guidance from the, from the first chances. So this is the part of this
teaching, and those, this teaching becomes very popular, and contains ongoing religious teachings
now. Now, and this teaching, I also particularly received this teaching from Katyapati Charanmuthi,
that is really my introduction of these ceremonies. Now we go to the, actually, empowerment.